imagine fighting this war as a civilian
imagine not knowing how to shoot a gun
challenging the Nazis to save lives I
have just heard an incredible score that
makes your sacrifices completely worth
it
[Music]
123 children their parents were just
killed by Nazis we need to train them to
survive what good does it do to teach
them fear I think it's important to help
the children laugh in the middle of this
war
there's a group in Leo arming themselves
to fight back we need to find guns we
need to learn how to shoot do you really
think I could help anyone with the gun
of course not your passports are
impressive look at this last Selma so
it's a great name
welcome to the resistance why are we
sitting a war we can't win we can kill
or the Nazis he killed some or you can
save some lives
who wants to take them out to France to
see if we can get across the border tell
me where they are
in every generation they rise up against
us
sometimes powerful men sometimes in harm
tries to destroy the Jewish people
but here we are together you are not
alone
what's the best way to resist it's not
to kill them
it's to survive
[Music]